feat(core/modal): migrate to shadow dom (#648)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/modal.md

# Modal

## Custom modal

How to open a modal depends on the framework in use. Note that you will not instantiate `ix-modal` on your own.
Select the appropriate section below for the respective usage information.

### Angular

<Playground
name="modal" height="18rem"
frameworks={{
  angular: {
    'modal-by-template.ts': SourceAngularModal,
    "modal-by-instance.ts": SourceAngularModalByInstance,
    "modal-by-instance-content.ts": SourceAngularModalByInstanceContent,
    },
}}>
</Playground>

`@siemens/ix-angular` provides an injectable service that allows to open modal dialogs based on a `ng-template` reference or by component type.
If you want to pass arbitrary data to the modal use the `data`-property. In order to access that data inside the modal template use `let-modal` as seen in the angular example above.

**ModalService**

```ts
open(config: ModalConfig<TData: any, TReason: any>): Promise<ModalInstance<TData>>
```

### React

`@siemens/ix-react` provides an function that allows to open modal dialogs based on a `JSXElement`.

<Playground
name="modal" height="18rem"
frameworks={{
  react: SourceReactModal,
}}>
</Playground>

:::info Use context

> It is highly recommanded to provide the `IxApplicationContext` as part of you application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to provide the `IxApplicationContext` as part of your application.
```

:::

```tsx
ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root') as HTMLElement).render(
  <IxApplicationContext>
    {/*
      <BrowserRouter>
        <App />
      </BrowserRouter>
    */}
  </IxApplicationContext>
);

```

### Vue

<Playground
name="modal" height="18rem"
frameworks={{
  vue: SourceVueModal,
}}>
</Playground>

### Javascript

<Playground
name="modal" height="18rem"
frameworks={{
  javascript: SourceModal,
}}>
</Playground>

### API

#### Modal Config
<ModalConfig />

#### Modal Instance
<ModalInstance />

## Loading

> How to open a loading is independent from a framework in use. Note that you hve to import the `showLoadingModal` from the core package `@siemens/ix`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to open a loading modal is independent from the framework in use. Note that you have to import `showLoadingModal` from the core package `@siemens/ix`.
```

<Playground name="loading" frameworks={{
  react: SourceReactLoading,
}}/>

## Message

> How to open a message is independent from a framework in use. Note that you hve to import the `showMessage` from the core package `@siemens/ix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to open a message modal is independent from the framework in use. Note that you have to import `showMessage` from the core package `@siemens/ix`.
```

`showMessage` provides multiple pre-configured messages:

- info
- waring
- error
- success
- question

<Playground name="message" height="15rem" frameworks={{
  react: SourceReactMessage,
}}/>

> The `showMessage`-method returns a Listener with the following signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `showMessage` method returns a Listener with the following signature:
```
